Using entity framework and mvc 5, create a web application that will allow a soldier to fill out and complete
a leave packet. I also want that same soldier(user) to get that same packet approved by their 
1st Sergeant(admin/manager type), or if they are missing or ommitting critical information, deny said packet and notify
the soldier that the packet must be redone. I'd like to use a text/email api to send information if the packet is approved
or denied, use an api or webcrawler to gather the necessary DA forms and display them in the views. These views would then
allow the user to fill out and submit the forms, then when complete, send in the packet for approval.
I would also like the admin/manager to be able to submit a specific template that would set the number/type of forms needed
for the soldier's leave packet to be complete. The application would also implement a googlemaps api to plan routes if driving.
If flying, I plan to incorporate necessary flight information(either grabbing a flight itinerary or just have them submit
that data into another form.) 
 
This project idea comes from having to deal with a very roundabout and a poorly implemented website from when 
I was in the Army when I had to apply for leave(vacation essentially). Everytime I submitted packets for leave, the required
forms would change and I'd either have to submit a new packet with forms I didnt have, or resubmit again because I had forms
that weren't required. All of the forms were submitted by hand since only the route map was available online. The concept
is to gather all of this information/data into one web application, and make it a much smoother process then what is currently implemented.
The army just recently got rid of the old TRiPs website last year so there is a need to make an application that can handle this.
(Also, everything that I plan on using, such as differnt DA(department of the army) forms, are all unclassified and can be found on
multiple websites that have no affiliation with the US Army or Department of Defense.)